Added audio capture cap to test-configuration-options.md (#1160)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/test-configuration-options.md

Enables mobile app instrumentation (Android or iOS) and recording of HTTP/HTTPS network traffic for debugging purposes. API calls are collected into a HAR file, which you can view and download from your **Test Results** > **Network** tab console. The default value is `false`.

---
### `audioCapture`
<p><small>| BOOLEAN | <span className="sauceDBlue">Real Devices Only</span></small> | </p>

> Enables the audio recording of your native mobile application. The audio will be part of the test results page video file, which you can playback in our built-in media playor and download from your **Test Results** page. The default value is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables audio recording in your Android and iOS native mobile app tests. The audio will be part of the **Test Results** page video file, which you can play back and download in our built-in media player. The default value is `false`.
```
